I had seen it when I came in just now.
Qin Jing, God of War, was not at the scene at all
Since he didn't show up
How did it bring you in?
God of War is my idol
It's the goal of my life
When you were in the Shen family, you were disrespectful to him
Now for your poor self-esteem
You still insult him again and again.
Do you really think I won't be angry?
Qin Jin went to the god of war in the dragon world
I didn't even notice it.
If you insult the God of War Qin again, I will be rude to you.
Don't drink this trash and talk so much nonsense
He took the fake goblin and sneaked into the Hades feast
If the people who fought before knew
It is very likely that your Shen family will be implicated
I think it's better to find someone to beat him out quickly
This banquet concerns our Shen family
Can you become a first-class family?
If he lost this opportunity
Then we are not worth the loss
Ye Feifan, I will give you one last chance
Get out of here now
Otherwise, your membership and mine will be invalid.
You made me do that.
From Now On
Your engagement with me is annulled
No more connection
And you know what?
Active between you and me
It was my mother who was deeply involved in signing with Uncle Shen
He was also the last member of my mother's family.
If there was no Zhao State of yours back then
Nor will I be the Ye Feifan I am today
So in order to be able to marry you
I can give up anything
Reject anyone
What are you trying to say?
I just didn't think of it.
Innocent and romantic
The kind and cute little girl will become so relieved
I said at this Ming Emperor banquet
I will prove with facts whether I am lying or not.
In fact, what is the first female warrior of Great Xia?
Four families of corporals
I never took it seriously because
They don't deserve it.
But these films are extraordinary
Then you are the Qin family
Do you really not want to live for the position of minister?
These wastes
I don't know where I found two female group actors
You really think of yourself as a character
Dare to sit in the position of Qin Zongnu
He must die
Crazy crazy
Soldiers must not implicate our Shen family
Qin Zhan Shendao